Jordan Peterson -  12 rules of Life:

For this book, Jordan Peterson talks about the 12 rules of life that he finds most important and that apply to everyday life. His journey started off while answering a Quora question  where a user asked him what are his rules to life. This book is a summary of the 12 most important.

Although somewhat generalized, Jordan Peterson pinpoints a lot of important life lessons which he explains often through biblical stories. A general audience (ages 18+) would be able to read this book and take away a handful of lessons. Personally, what I've taken away the most are the disciplinary tactics implemented by Dr. Peterson and the connection between humans and the bible. I would've liked for it to be a bit longer, but there's already another book for that (12 more rules of life by Jordan Peterson).



Saifedean Ammous - The Bitcoin standard:

The Bitcoin Standard is an excellent book on the history of money (gold money and fiat/government money) and how bitcoin is able to replace the currency of today. Prior to reading this book, I did not have much knowledge on the workings of money in the economy. It helped me learn this in an easy and convenient way while analyzing the history of money through human civilisation. After reading, I have a much bigger understanding and appreciation of money and Bitcoin/Digital Currency should be the desired currency in the near future.

I suggest this book for readers who are not familiarized with economics and the history of money and who want to learn more about the workings of bitcoin.



Jerzy Kosinski - The Painted Bird:

As with his book, I listen to Jordan Peterson's podcast where he once mentionned that this book had the a big impact on his life. As I am interested by WW2 history, I was quite eager to start reading.

The Painted Bird explains the fictional story of a young Jewish (gypsy) boy wandering from town to town trying to survive in Nazi Germany after its invasion of Poland in 1939. While travelling, he encounters countless people, some of which are of help to his survival while some contribute to his nightmarish journey.

Although this book opened my eyes to the horror that was the Holocaust, I found it a bit underwhelming considering this was << The most influential book I've ever read>> Jordan Peterson. However, if you are interested in fiction and in WW2 history, this is a must read for you.



Donald Savoie - The Disintegration of Our Institutions:

I've read by the reviews on Amazon online that this book would serve as an informative introductory to problems in canadian politics. With this book, I was looking to get some insight on what were the modern problems with canadian governement. 

I must say that, after reading, it took me quite a while to finish this book. There are about 350 pages of content, but Donald Savoie goes into great detail on all of his touched subjects. While it was still a great read, for a beginner as myself, I wouldn't recommend this book to everybody.

Lots of repetitions are made which to me was an advantage since it made me able to capture the information better. I would only recommend this book if you already have an introductory understanding of canadian politics and government and if interested by the subject.



The 48 Laws of Power by Robert Greene

Diving into this book, I wasn't sure what to expect. I had previously heard of the negative reviews concerning the motive behind its creation. What interested me the most was to learn how the games of power of played and how to recognize when you are being played or when you are intentionally playing the game. Being aware of it would help me create better bonds with my current and future relationships.

What caught my eye the most was that all of the examples used by the author derived from the industrial revolution era or previously. This helped with my reading since it allowed me to naturally dissociate from the examples. I find that some of the laws are repetitive and could be summarised together, for example law 15 (Crush your enemy totally) is quite similar to law 29 (Plan all the way to the end) since most of their examples are related to war.

All in all, I've enjoyed reading this book. I've learned a lot on renaissance history and it opened my eyes to the number of ways people have adapted to gain power through out history. Contrary to popular belief, I would recommend this book to all since a lot can be learned.



Rich Dad Poor Dad By Robert Kiyosaki

This was an excellent read. Through Robert's stories and examples, he was able to convince me to start investing in assets to build my wealth. Although I might not go as in depth as he did (stocks, bonds, mutual funds, real estate), he has made me realize that it is the only to make money out of money (making money work for you as he puts it).

Robert tells a story of his "Rich" dad and his "Poor" dad. His poor dad, being his biological father, works at the governement, doesn't invest and is reliant on a single salary for income contrary to his rich dad, the father of his friend Mike, who builds assets, invests heavily and gets most of his income in the form of assets. Through Robert's story, he explains primarly what is the difference between an asset and a liability and how this allows for people to become financially independent.

What I like the most about this book is its message. Robert focuses on educating his audience by giving his tips and tricks as well as by giving his insight. He talks a lot about working on educating yourself financially, whether being through books, through opportunities etc. So, he is encouraging his readers to not forcefully start investing but to at least get educated on the matter for, as I have learned, it can be your greatest asset of all.



The Wealthy Barber Returns By David Chilton

Through his unique style of writing and through his sense of humour, David Chilton utilizes his book to give simple financial advice to his readers. He tries to explain, as simply as possible, his financial advice through his own life experiences and through simple mathematical calculations.

Contrary to Rich Dad Poor Dad, the style in which David writes doesn't follow a particular order. It's written as if he puts whatever is on his mind when writing a given section. For that reason, the book composes of a lot of chapters (given its length) and can be a bit challenging to keep up.

As a beginner myself, this book was a good first read on the topic of personal financial planning. It will help me establish a basis for future investings. 



The 4 Hour Work Week by Tim Ferriss

Tim Ferriss has a very unique way of escaping the rat race (as coined by Robert Kiyosaki in Rich Dad Poor Dad). Developing your own net worth through entrepreneurship is the goal. However, the method chosen by Tim Ferriss is proven through his experience to be effective and low on time consumption.

He breaks down his goal into steps, D-E-A-L. The two most important steps are E (Elimination) and A (Automation) where each permits to free up numerous amounts of time. Elimination is based on the founding 80/20 principal where you keep 80 % of what is eating up 20 % of your time. Automation gives way to allocate redundant and time consuming tasks to VAs (virtual assistants) and remote call centers.

Although hyperbolic at times, Tim's methods seem to work well for the most part. This work lifestyle will enable you to participate in mini retirements through out your life where world travel is recommended. One mark that didn't resonate as much with me was the applicability of his methodology as an employee. Most of his methods are designed for entrepreneurs so it felt like a waste of time reading the sections where he tried to elaborate that.